All right so we are going to affect your lives a number that means that we are going to take in a number
such as five and then we're going to find the factorial which is starting for one of that number multiplying
all of the values to get in this case 120.
If you do 10 would then be was this three million six hundred twenty eight thousand eight hundred.
So that's our objective here.
I don't have any hints this is pure logic one to kind of get you going.
All right.
So when I saw this was I obviously just created this total which I initialises you and I eventually
return total.
All right.
And from here on I'm going home and create a for loop.
So all eyes are equal to zero.
Actually can here you just set it to one.
We will go ahead and say that towable equal to one as well.
Toll's going to be one.
Because if we multiply by zero we'll never get out of that.
I will say a lie is less than the number I plus plus we may have to play around with this.
I don't have my solution off hand so no big deal.
And we want to switch just one take total and times equals it to I.
And you'll see here we're currently going to get 24 and then we're off by 1.
We're going to go ahead and add 1 to this number because we want to actually multiply the number that's
on there as well.
Let's see is it better to add one.
I think instead of adding one what we'll do is we'll just do less than or equal to include that number
because that's really what we want to do we want to include that number.
So initialize it to 1.
We then multiply each of these values to go and get the factorial essentially until we're there including
the number we're going up to.
And and then we just return the total.
That's pretty much it.